= RateableAttributes

RateableAttributes is a re-implementation of ActsAsRateable for multiple attribute support.

== Usage

=== Installation

To install as plugin:

  script/plugin install git://github.com/sdepold/rateable_attributes.git

=== Preparation

In order to create the rating table just run the following commands:
  
  script/generate rateable_attributes
  rake db:migrate
  
This will generate a migration. Run rake db:migrate.

=== In the model
  
  rateable_attributes :graphics, :sound, :whatever, :range => 1..5
  
This allows you to rate the model for the attributes graphics, sound and whatever.
To do so use

  my_model.rate(3, a_user[, :the_attribute]) # you can just ignore the attribute to create a general rating
  my_model.rate_graphics(3, a_user) # equals my_model.rate(3, a_user, :graphics)

=== Visualizing the average rating

RateableAttributes a method to the model called visualize_average_rating.
It can be called the following options:

- attribute = The attribute you want to display. Default: nil
- image_rated = The image/symbol you wish to be shown as reached rating. Default: A yellow star
- image_unrated = The image/symbol you wish to be shown as unreached rating. Default: A white star
- image_hover = The image/symbol you wish to be shown when hovering one of the rating images (see next option). Default: An orange star
- enable_rating = Should the user be able to click and rate?
- click_url = The URL which gets called, when a user clicked on a star to rate the model.

When you enable the rating option, the controller should return a json object as follows:

  {new_rating: 2}
  
Important as well is, that you include the generated javascript file. Just do the following in your documents head:

  = javascript_include_tag "rateable_attributes.js"
  
The javascript uses the prototype plugin. Feel free to change it for JQuery if you are using it.